c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\ElectronicShop.WebUI.dll.config
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\ElectronicShop.WebUI.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\ElectronicShop.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\ElectronicShop.Domain.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\ElectronicShop.Domain.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\obj\Debug\ElectronicShop.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\obj\Debug\ElectronicShop.WebUI.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\obj\Debug\ElectronicShop.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
