c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\ElectronicShop.UnitTests.dll.config
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\ElectronicShop.UnitTests.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\ElectronicShop.UnitTests.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\ElectronicShop.Domain.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\ElectronicShop.WebUI.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\ElectronicShop.Domain.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\ElectronicShop.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\obj\Debug\ElectronicShop.UnitTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\obj\Debug\ElectronicShop.UnitTests.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\obj\Debug\ElectronicShop.UnitTests.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EloctronicShop\ElectronicShop.UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
